>> Bianca Gandolfo: We are gonna wrap up.
I had fun hanging out
with all of you today and
talking about grass and
trees for many, many hours.
And some further resources,
Brian Holt also has a CS class
here on Frontend Masters.
And there's always Geeks for Geeks.
Cracking the Coding Interview.
Interviewing.io and Pramp are pretty
cool for getting interview help.
So for interviewing.io,
you actually interview with companies,
which is kinda cool.
It's anonymous, so
if you fail, no one knows.
But if it works out,
you might actually get moved on
to the next round of interviews.
So that's kinda cool, interviewing.io.
And then Pramp is like a peer-to-peer
interview practice site,
where you and a peer can interview each
other and give each other feedback.
And by a peer,
it's like a random person on the internet.
Not someone who's judging you for
work, necessarily.
Yeah, and that's it.
Special thanks to my husband, Chris.
And a couple of my friends
who helped me proofread this,
who helped me with the solutions,
and things like that.
And also, if you like the comics and
illustrations, you can follow
these people on Instagram.
They're pretty cool, and
were really nice to let me use them.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, thank you.
>> Speaker 2: [APPLAUSE]